On,
Hey,
what's going on?
It's bill burn.
It's time for the Monday morning podcasts for Monday.
Uh,
match fourth,
2019 what's going on?
Oh,
why?
Yeah,
I know I'm really late.
I'm really late.
But yesterday was the first taping my next special,
uh,
at Royal Albert Hall and tonight is the next one.
So yesterday I had a bunch of stuff I had to do,
uh,
for like the intro or the special and all of that type of stuff.
So it went great last night,
had an awesome time and a number taped a special war.
I always just did like two shows one night done.
I've never done like a show and then waited a whole day and then do another
show.
So,
uh,
I'm just looking tonight like I could not have been more thrilled with how it
went last night.
Um,
did not have any of this stupid torture that happens afterwards where you just
like,
Oh God,
why did I do this?
And I'll tell have I didn't say that.
Is anybody going to like me after this?
I didn't do any of that shit.
I was just like,
all right,
I miss something here,
Miss,
who gives a fuck?
Right.
But yeah,
it's fine.
I don't give a shit.
It's all going to be good.
So,
um,
tonight I'm just going to go out and have a good time.
And,
um,
as excited as I was to record this special a after last night,
I kind of felt a little bit of sadness of like,
I'm really gonna miss these jokes.
I've never had that feeling before.
Um,
but I know the next ones would come in or whatever,
but it's kind of hitting me here is I'm doing this like,
wow,
this is kind of the end of the run for these jokes,
you know?
And then I just move on like bill Bixby right at the end of the hulk.
Just walk away from the act.
Um,
and the smartest thing I did was I already did a Gig at,
um,
Royal Albert Hall.
Ah,
AH,
for fuck sake.
Somebody else just come
and hang on,
hang on,
hang on.
Sorry.
Has had pies.
Fucking rang the doorbell and then rings it again.
Like the fucking hotel's on fire.
Oh,
sorry to disturb you.
Just want to know if you need anything in the mini.
I've got,
thank you.
We assuming I'm not fucking here to fucking rings.
What if I was sitting here with my fucking balls?
Hang out.
You're going to ring it that fast and then you walk in and then let me guess I'm
in trouble.
Right?
Is it true you had your balls out sir?
Well,
yes,
I was in those.
Shut up.
There was a woman knocking on that door.
You should have realized that any second someone could come walk again.
MMM.
By the way,
is that John Wayne stuff?
The dumbest thing.
What is this thing now where we're just going to dig up dead people and just,
did you see what they said in 1964 well I have,
I imagined nothing good.
They've fucking got this documentary coming out about Michael Jackson.
It's just like the guy dead
like so I,
I don't understand like what the fuck would they every other day now somebody
dead.
Somebody got to come along and fucking dig him up and be,
hey,
you know,
they,
I don't know how much you enjoy this music if you know that the person did this.
Yeah.
Why did they only do it to famous people?
Can all of us dig up our grandparents and be like,
yeah,
remember when you said that
all of these fucking eat I just do.
I do not fucking get it.
I don't fucking get it.
Can you believe
this?
This fucking guy who was born in 1907 sounded like a guy who was born in 1907
yes.
Yes I can.
Whose grandparents don't go out and say crazy shit.
That's the new fucking thing on earth,
on earth of fucking interview from 40 50 years ago.
And then line it up with today's,
you know what's right and you don't have to go back that far.
Go back into somebody who's Twitter history.
Remember when you said this?
Yeah,
no,
no.
Remember when we will all saying that,
that's what you supposed to say.
Oh,
you know what?
You mother fucking cock sucking fucking assholes.
What now?
I swear to God,
this fucking bullshit.
Hello?
You have what?
Miss who?
I don't know who that is.
All right.
Bye.
I have miss semi,
Ms Kimmy.
I don't know.
Go.
Fuck that is.
MMM.
Anyways,
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
That's like the new fucking thing.
The new fucking thing is to go back in time and just look up APA.
Quite evidently Truman Capote,
he was,
he wasn't in his fucking Truman as we thought.
He was.
Just think about someone just before all the fucking jokes.
I literally saw somebody get an interview the other day and they were talking
about the office,
the American version,
and they asked,
could you make that today?
And the,
Oh,
no,
we,
we can never do that.
We go,
most of those jokes wouldn't work today.
That was 10 fucking years ago.
All right.
So Jesus Christ,
enough with,
with the fucking shock and are that you're going to dig up somebody who died 40
fucking years ago when they said something surprising.
MMM.
It's like if you were born in 1907 and so many interviewed you 40 years ago,
you would not want that interview to be made fucking public.
You wouldn't,
um,
anyways,
what fucking world that we live in that the,
the office now considered too edgy for television.
Oh,
James is,
you could never do,
it wasn't the most absurd fucking shows you ever saw in your life.
MMM.
I Dunno,
but that's where we are because that's where we are because 8% of the fucking
best,
my rough as far as I can tell the people that I talk to,
everybody else was just like,
dude,
what is the big fucking deal?
Okay.
Yeah.
You know,
it's fucking hilarious.
Someday you're going to sound like you fucking grandparents.
Someday you're going to be in your fucking seventies.
And something you said in your forties is going to sound fucking ridiculous.
Like nobody's like,
it's,
nobody's allowed to,
like I don't,
I dunno.
I don't even,
I don't even fucking,
and I don't understand all of these fucking people that are going on social
media doing this.
It's just I was really,
what about you?
If I,
if anybody gave a fuck about you,
you know,
named Kent and went back into your fucking life.
They can't find somebody to say that you said something or did something.
It's called being a human being.
Jesus fucking Christ.
I told you that shit when I was in Scotland.
That woman lifts that wrote that fucking article.
Let's talk about crew member of statues and she's like,
nothing makes my heart sink.
Like when I hear they're going to put up a commemorative statue,
it's like nothing
be fucking a genocide child pornography.
Nothing quite makes you fucking heart drop.
Like the making of a commemorative statue.
Hmm.
Oh,
Jay Z.
MMM.
Okay.
Anyways.
Can you believe Christopher Columbus was actually a fucking asshole?
Yeah.
New evidence shows.
It's just like,
where was that new evidence?
What was it just sitting on somebody's desk for fucking 40 years?
MMM.
He's a fan of all these fucking people compared to what?
Somebody in 2019 yeah.
I would like to think that people learn how to treat other people better each
year.
So what we're supposed to be doing,
you know what I mean?
If you go back and watch an episode of solid gold,
there's a lot of people dancing today that,
uh,
on that day that would get laughed out of the fucking club.
And that was the peak of dancing back then.
But it progressed and now all those moves that were unbelievable and now kind of
basic,
that's what happens.
It just gotta,
you know?
Okay.
Can you believe the guy that won the Indy 519 55 wouldn't even really qualified
for the race in 2019?
I don't think this guy's a champion.
I think they need to rethink that chip.
Chip.
Do I bend?
We always draw going on and 40 miles an hour.
I mean,
the fucking pace guarded.
He goes faster than that.
Um,
I dunno.
And as such,
just,
I,
it's uh,
all right.
If it does that do anything,
does it really do anything to say,
Hey,
this guy who's,
who's been dead for 40 years is,
is actually this now?
So what am I supposed to do now?
Go back and look at this person's sports career where they're fucking movie
career
and look at them differently somehow and then sit there and look at myself like
I'm this great fucking person just because I had the luxury of being born when I
was born
and then be so fucking full of myself that I'm not looking at this guy being
like,
well wait a minute.
Someday I'm going to be dead 40 years.
And then people will go back and see the things that I said and in my mind like
I'm going to survive that.
Um,
all right,
bill,
I think you made your point.
All right.
You know,
a lot of people think Abe Lincoln's had good guy.
Apparently new evidence shows
he went to a fucking Sadie Hawkins dance and a,
he evidently he was fucking quite rude to his date that night.
Four score,
Hashtag four score and seven beers ago.
Drink much a boy.
I don't know.
Um,
anyways,
whatever.
Uh,
so I got one more.
One more fucking night.
See,
this is what I want to open with tonight.
This is what I want to talk about.
Get this out of my fucking system,
but I,
I've,
I have to fucking document my jokes tonight,
so I want to thank everybody that she came out in Manchester,
Glasgow,
and Birmingham.
I had a great time and found out that I was not dehydrated.
I actually had a little bit of a stomach virus.
I can't believe it with this high quality food that I've been eating here for
the last fucking 10 days old.
Jesus here.
Um,
oh my God.
I,
I just don't know if I'm,
I'm just,
I have to be going into the wrong places,
but what they do to what cheeseburger over here,
it's just like,
Huh?
As an American it's offensive.
I feel like it's,
it's a,
one of our signature dishes,
what we added to the,
um,
international culinary fucking whatever.
Right?
Sorry.
Let's try to be eloquent there.
Um,
for them to just fucking make it the way that they make it,
about telling me it was just,
it's just something,
there's just something wrong about it.
Um,
but I keep ordering them in hopes that someone's going to get it right.
but anyways,
yeah,
it turned out I have a a,
I had like a stomach virus now.
I think I'm past it.
Um,
so
I can give my all to my dick and shit jokes tonight.
Uh,
rest in peace.
Luke Perry,
um,
Jesus Christ,
52 fucking years old with kids.
That's a scary one man.
And the guy weighed like 130 pounds and I felt,
yeah.
And um,
so now I'm on the Internet.
I'm not trying to fucking,
you know,
early signs
of a stroke and how you can screen for it and yeah,
you can do this to screen forward,
but don't do it too many times because the scan isn't good for you and it's just
like,
so they had the uh,
all these lists here,
like the top causes.
This is for all old men like me.
All right,
here we go.
Top causes for stroke.
All right,
here we go.
Come on hotel.
All right.
Is a hypertension high blood pressure.
I was psyched when the doctor came and took my blood precious that I have the
blood pressure,
but 25 year old,
he goes,
do you work out a lot?
And I said,
I do work out a lot.
High cholesterol.
I don't have that,
uh,
diabetes.
I don't have that central obesity.
That means having a belly.
I don't have that smoking.
I do that.
So that's the one I got to get out because a,
I'm not living for myself anymore.
I live in for the Kiddos.
So,
and I've come to this,
this,
this realization
of a,
if my posing,
I finally figured it out,
I figured out what kind of drinking at drinker I am,
why it's gone off the rails while of a sudden it became this guy that needed to
take breaks.
And um,
yeah,
the big thing that I liked how I fucked up was I brought it into the house.
All right.
And if I can give anybody any young man,
young woman out there fucking [inaudible] fucking transfer in a humanoid,
whatever the fuck you supposed to say.
One of those tr words.
All right.
Yeah.
Listen to this little clip in 40 years.
Okay.
We'll see if they take it down my fucking monument at the innovators of
podcasting in the filthy wing at the podcast museum.
Right.
See if they don't want to take down my fucking golden statue with the fucking
orange leaf,
let over my balls.
Um,
you don't want to bring your vices home with you.
Okay?
You want to have to go out and get them.
All right.
So,
uh,
the where I fucked up is I ended up getting,
having a booze collection at home and because I was buying some higher end
stuff,
a,
you start to think,
oh,
well I'm like a collector.
I'm a connoisseur.
No,
dude,
you're a fucking booze hound.
So,
um,
I'm just gradually just given bottles away.
I got some Pappy van Winkle.
I'm not giving that away,
you know,
but I have some,
a couple nicer bottles of things that cost me whatever,
80 a hundred bucks or but like to be,
um,
I still want my kids see me drinking.
Okay.
Obviously my kid can listen to the podcast,
know what I was.
But like I said,
I don't want to be doing that.
I don't want to be smoking cigars in front of her.
I don't be drinking fucking booze,
none of that shit.
She asked me about it.
I'll tell her what I did.
I'll be honest with them in the telehealth,
how fucking stupid was,
how much time I wasted and all that type of shit.
You know,
I did have a good time,
you know,
whatever.
But anyways,
I just say,
I just don't think it's a good look.
You'd be sitting at home fucking
booze.
It
not that I've ever done that in front of her.
I wait till she goes to sleep,
but there's been nights where I'm just like,
wow dude,
I am like,
you're like,
you know,
rolling the dice here.
Cause God forbid I'm down here legally fucking hammered.
And what if my wife had some sort of medical issue?
Now I'm drunk,
I got to get my kid and my wife.
Now I have,
what do I do here?
I got to fucking call an Uber and all of this shit cause I'm too drunk to drive.
Or do you like just call the fucking ambulance?
I'm going to be standing there fucking hammered as somebody chefs.
Not a good look.
That's not specified.
Something that dad does,
but not the dad that I want to be.
So I'm getting the shit out of my house.
Uh,
I decided I'm taking the year off and then next year,
uh,
I'll see what I want to do.
But if there's anything that I want to do,
I'm going to have to go out and go get it.
Um,
and that goes for the cigars too.
yeah.
I'm,
I'm going to drastically cut that down.
And um,
I don't know.
But then I remember hearing this quote that said,
be where the man with no vice or something like that.
Uh,
man with no vice saying,
let's see what it is.
What is this thing?
Show me a man.
Here we go.
Show me a man without vice
and where is it?
Yeah,
show me a man without vice and I'll show you one without virtue.
Now,
you know that,
doesn't that just sound like some dumb shit.
A drunk would say at a bar.
Yeah.
Uh,
wait,
he doesn't js bucket doing something.
Um,
for man,
let's see something here.
Vice is vice quotes.
I actually,
I don't understand that.
It's like,
so if you live like a vizsla this life,
then you have no virtue.
Okay.
What is a virtue?
What is the actual definition?
So on virtuous,
I am
behaviors showing high moral standards.
So if you,
if you don't have any low moral standards,
you won't have any high moral standards.
Yeah.
So if you,
if you're not fucking blow ins a couple of rails,
that means you're not going to help a fucking old lady across the street.
Why can't you be the guy who was not doing blow,
not boozing,
eating,
you know,
and a healthy way and being a family man and,
and also be a good person.
I don't understand that.
You know,
is it because if you meet somebody that's strong enough,
is this just insecurity by fucking people that have vices?
Um,
cause I gotta be honest with them.
Fight if I can,
if I can get rid of if bows and I didn't smoke cigars,
I think that's it.
That's what I do.
I drink and smoke.
So now I'm not drinking.
Since I've been over here,
I've had one cigar,
you know,
I barely smoke.
If I get rid of that,
you know,
then what?
Jesus Christ.
Well then the bill,
you have the most boring fucking podcasts in the history of podcasting,
I guess.
MMM.
I Dunno.
I,
I got it.
I'll figure it out though.
But I,
I don't want to be this guy just like,
you know,
I never have a drink or I never have a cigar.
I just got to get it out of my fucking house.
All right.
I feel like invited a vampire and you know,
like I'm in the lost boys except with booze and cigars.
Um,
sort of,
I'll do that.
Then I'll just sit there and judge my wife every time she has a rosy,
nice,
nice example that you're setting.
Um,
I've gotta be honest with you,
London,
I'm loving it.
You know,
I was never really a London of guy was more Paris guy.
I don't know what happened.
Now I'm starting to like London a little better.
You know,
despite the fucking food,
Jesus Christ,
Jesus Christ at that,
do you know the amount of places that they conquered with all these spices in
there?
I always heard that they brought him back.
I could,
God knows and I fucking use them.
I tend to be,
I don't know where to go.
You know,
they've got too many fucking celebrities out here.
All the spice girls to spice girls.
Right.
Where do they eat these?
No way they put up with this food.
There's no way.
I know last time I came here,
I went to this Indian,
uh,
restaurant that was fucking unbelievable.
And I also went to the ivy the other night and I had the best shepherds five
overhead.
Um,
so it hasn't been all bad,
but I'll just tell him,
oof.
Everything else I've gone to manage.
It's like comedy club,
Green Room Bad.
Um,
all right.
But we get it.
You don't like the fucking food?
I'm sorry.
So what's going on in the world of America?
I miss the good old USA.
Let's see what,
when I want to go to search you s a news.
Let's see what happens.
President Donald Trump's serves fast food to another title team.
Yeah.
This is how broke we are after fucking these wars.
Why does he keep doing that?
Does he do this to anybody else?
Let's see.
President Donald Trump service food to another title team,
North Dakota State,
another championship football team.
Well,
you know what?
This is North Dakota state and there's a lot of white guys on there.
He's still giving them fast food.
Dude,
I'd love to eat McDonald's in the White House.
It's kind of fucking cool.
Trump.
Welcome the football championships subdivision champions,
the North Dakota State Bison.
You get him some bison burgers there to the White House on Monday and according
to a pool report,
he served them a lunchtime spread,
a big Mac chick filet sandwiches and French fries among other fast food items.
Trumps served a similar meal to the Clemson Tigers while they visited the White
House in January.
According to the pool report,
Trump told the bisons that he couldn't serve them a meal prepared by the chef.
But I know you people,
several players laughed.
Oh,
that he could have served them a meal prepared by the chef.
But I know you people,
several players left according to the pool report.
A Trump said in January that he personally paid for Clemson's Whitehouse faced
it's a feast now because it's visit came in the middle of a partial government
shutdown.
Is this?
Yeah.
Maybe it's just him trying to be cool.
You know,
did he go to college to Trump even go to college?
Okay.
It's amazing how little I know about this guy,
Donald Trump.
Let's see where the fuck he went.
He probably went to college where his dad went to college
and that's why there's a legacy here.
He was one of the greatest students ever of this university.
Yeah.
Oh,
of course.
This isn't going to show up.
I have no idea.
All right,
let me get to the,
uh,
let me read a little bit of advertising as this fucking thing comes together
here.
All right.
Oh,
here we go.
Eh,
we go,
here we go,
honey.
You ever want to buy something online?
Only to find out,
lady,
you missed a discount.
Honey is a free browser.
Add on that finds me the best deals online.
The APP magically auto replies the best deal to my car at checkout.
Oh,
honey finds discounts and coupons across 37,000 sites.
Amazon.
So for a best buy,
Nordstrom and more shop like normal,
um,
uh,
honey handles the rest.
Honey has saved it's 10 million members in average of $28 and 61 cents overall
or,
oh,
so it's saved 280 million.
$661,000.
I don't know.
Fucking,
how do you remember how many members have already saved more than $800 billion?
Hey goes,
thank you for helping me out there.
Well that doesn't make sense.
10 million members,
let's say.
Oh my God.
With the fucking,
the fucking Goddamn fucking,
yeah.
Jesus Christ.
Hang on a second.
Who's this?
Hello?
Yeah.
Yeah,
but I'm just recording something.
I'll,
I'll do it other.
Yup.
All right.
Thank you.
He just Christ it.
Just can't get the fucking food out of your fast and now they want to get rid of
the evidence.
All right.
Um,
I sorta got nobody has knocked off,
phoned the whole fucking time.
The second I turned on the recorder,
just seeing does this,
does the rug feel okay under the of feats?
Um,
where was a honey?
Honey members have already saved 800 more than $800 million.
Not Bad for something that's completely free and takes just two clicks to
install.
This is fucking free.
Honey has over a hundred thousand five star reviews on Google chrome on the
Google chrome store.
Time magazine calls honey.
Basically free money.
Look,
there's no reason to use honey not to use honey.
It's free to use and easy to install on your computer and just two clicks.
So shop with confidence.
Get honey for
free@joinhoney.com slash bird that's join
honey.com/burr B.
You are horny.
The Smart Shopping assistant that saves you time and money when you're shopping
online.
Oh look,
everybody,
it's him.
Him 66% of men start to lose their hair by the age of 35.
Hey,
uh,
once you've noticed thinning hair,
it can be too late.
Is that hairline slew really starting to move backwards and he bald spots yet?
Is Your Dick still working?
Uh,
the best way to prevent more hair loss is to do something about it.
While you still have some,
it's time to get a handle on those precious locks.
I asked you,
do you want a bald spot to pop up on your hair or your hairline to recede or do
you want to do something about it first?
Why?
Why did guys turned to weird solutions or nothing at all?
Well,
hey,
maybe I just accepted.
Why do you have to pick on me hymns?
Uh,
why do they do that?
Do this when they can turn to medicine and science.
While a lot of them had bad fucking side effects,
you know,
early on,
hey man,
I'm just a podcast listener.
I don't need to be attacked here.
Our it solution for
hymns.com a one stop shop for hair loss.
Skincare,
sexual wellness for for men,
thanks to science baldness can be optional.
Hims is,
how weird am I going to look when I get older?
Because everybody's going to opt for this shift.
They're just going to get him to keep their fucking hair than kids ran around
when I'm 60.
Kids will start whispering.
What's the matter with that man?
Did he use to be the strong man at the circus?
Uh,
why do guys to talk though for him?
Okay,
thanks to science ball.
This can be an option to hims is helping guys be the best version of themselves
with licensed physicians and Fda approved products to help treat hair loss.
Prescription solutions backed by science.
Hymns was created by guys who know by a guy who knows.
Some men's health conversations are easier online than in person.
Might.
Well Dude,
you're going bald.
Everyone can see it.
You gotta try and hide it.
My listeners can get started with hims complete haircut for just $5 right now
while supplies last and subjects of doctor's approval restrictions apply.
See website for full details.
Go to for hymns,
H I m s.com/ [inaudible] that's f o r h I m
s.com/bar for him [inaudible] dot com slash [inaudible] all right.
Oh everybody look,
legal,
zoom,
zoom.
Um,
five business,
five things business owners can count on from legal zoom,
normal role.
Oh No.
Ah,
uh,
reliability.
Over 2 million people have used legal zoom to start their businesses,
LLCs,s Corp's nonprofits,
Dbh and more.
You can use legal zoom to get started the right way.
Number two,
Numero dos.
The experience I'm counting right now in three different languages.
If you're not keeping up,
they've been helping all types of business owners for over 17 years.
You can count on legal zoom to help with all the details.
Uh,
numero uno,
dos,
tres,
numero tres,
the trois.
Want to trait helpful support.
They have the right people standing by ready for your questions.
All based in the u s quatro cat though legal zoom.
Legal Zoom is,
isn't a law firm,
but they have a network of independent attorneys licensed in all 50 states.
Can I say 50 in all different languages?
Sangal 50,
uh,
I don't know how to say it in Latino,
whatever.
Fuck I'm supposed to say in,
in Latin Spanish.
We don't speak Spanish and then Bang,
get the fucking book.
All right.
Sorry.
All they did was teach me about the pill groups.
Uh,
they can re review contracts with employment law,
with employment laws saying I can't even retain and advise you on many of the
hurdles that pop up when you're running a business.
And finally,
number five,
one of those three spots.
Row Sinco sank five.
Um,
no surprises.
Legal Zoom provides complete transparency,
transparency with upfront pricing,
customer and a satisfaction guarantee.
Check out legal zoom today to see how they can make life better for you and your
business.
And don't forget to enter Burger at checkout to save even more legalzoom where
life meets legal,
legal zoom.com.
All right,
who else we got here?
Oh,
policy genius.
Yeah.
Policy.
G L I go,
oh,
this is the last one thing.
Christ.
All right.
Policy genius.
Getting life insurance can feel like assembling the world's worst jigsaw puzzle.
How old was somebody who fucking wrote this copy?
Getting life insurance can feel like starting and all fucking crank start
forward.
Okay.
No matter how much you blow the horn.
Yeah.
MMM.
You can feel like biting down on a bow and arrow while someone digs a slug out
of your calf.
Uh,
it's confusing.
It takes forever.
And when you're finally done,
it doesn't even look cool.
But if you have a mortgage,
kids or anyone is depending on your income.
It's a puzzle you need to solve.
And policy genius can help you do it.
Policy Genius is easy way to get life insurance.
It's just two minutes.
In just two minutes.
You can compare quotes from top insurers to find the best policy for you.
When you apply online,
the advisors at policy genius will handle all the red tape to even negotiate
your rate with the insurance company.
No commission sales agents,
no hidden fees.
Just helpful advice.
It personalized services and policy genius.
Does it make life insurance easy?
Uh,
it doesn't just make life insurance easy.
They also make it easy.
Uh,
find the right home insurance,
your auto insurance or disability insurance.
Uh,
they're your one stop shop for financial protection.
So if you find life insurance puzzling,
head to policy,
genius.com and two minutes,
you can prepare quotes,
find the right policy and save up to 40% doing it.
Policy Genius,
the easy way to compare and buy life insurance.
All right.
And with that,
let's see if Donald Trump's Wikipedia page came up.
It did.
He was born June 14th,
Gemini 1946.
Uh,
his current president is born and raised in New York borough of Queens.
He got an economics degree from the Wharton School.
That's a good one.
You know,
I know that's a good ones.
I've never really heard of it,
which means it's a high end one
was not on my radar to be applied to.
He was appointed president of his family's real estate business in 1971.
Look at that.
He was only 25 years old and he took on that level of responsibility.
Everybody else gets to go out to a fucking bar and drink,
you know,
sing some Karaoke.
And he had to take over the family's real estate business.
See everybody thinks these rich kids have it easy.
You know,
you poor kids have no idea how lucky you are to be 25 and none of the pressures
of a real estate company that take over the company built a renovated skyscraper
skyscrapers to hotels,
casinos and golf courses.
Trump later stated various sides started various side ventures including
licensing his name for real estate and consumer products.
Yeah,
that's the genius.
That's why when everybody's like giving the finger to a Trump hotel,
it's like it's not really his hotel.
Um,
early life education.
[inaudible]
conflicts of interest.
I mean this,
this is all here at do.
This is all what usually you have on a rich guy's Wikipedia page.
All right,
let's get to the questions cause they're gonna fucking special to tip here
tonight.
Um,
all right.
What's the first question?
Soccer playoffs.
All right.
So I mentioned,
I was saying how weird it is that they don't have a play off play off in the
premier league and how huge that would be.
So evidently this person's going to set me straight as to why they don't do it.
Bill,
they don't have,
they don't have soccer in playoffs then playoffs and is what the person metric.
But they happened to have various cup competitions that add a different dynamic
to the mix.
When you think about,
think about it,
it's extremely stupid to have playoffs in the first place.
Why would the most consistent and best team to top a table in any sport over the
duration of a season not get recognized as the best team?
While easily.
Well that's easy.
While in our world,
you know,
you have people just the way shit lines up who was in your division,
you end up playing a tougher schedule than somebody else,
you know?
And it also depends like when you play somebody,
if their best player was hurt and then the other team comes to play him and that
guy's player is back.
You know what I mean?
All of a sudden,
you know there's so it just like you play a whole season in somebody,
one point behind you,
you're the champion in there that I don't know.
I like playoffs.
And then also play offs ads like this pressure.
Whereas the team that's supposed to when all of a sudden feels this pressure and
then they could choke and you have great stories,
there's plenty of reasons to have playoffs.
Um,
so I don't think it's stupid.
It's extremely stupid.
Well then why do you have the World Cup?
Isn't that stupid?
Isn't that a giant fucking planetary fucking play off?
Why isn't everybody just fucking stay home?
Um,
anyways,
I don't understand this.
Well that's a cup competition.
That's a different thing.
So you're,
you're,
you're into play playoffs.
As long as it's a cup,
it's extremely stupid.
I don't think it is.
Anyway,
hockey is the only sport,
uh,
where
I understand and respect the league structure because the Stanley Cup is
arguably the most difficult trophy to win.
All right,
you're all over the map here,
sir.
You can maybe get away with half asking in the regular season to clinch
playoffs,
but you have a long way to go to hoist the cup.
Uh,
they actually have a playoff format in the English championship,
which is the League right below the premier league.
Uh,
first and second in the table,
automatically advanced to the premier league while third to six,
have a two leg match up to get an a final for that third promotion spot.
Oh,
that's cool.
So that's where you play off.
So it's very exciting because there are
millions of millions of dollars on the line with that final game play off.
All right,
so now you like playoffs.
Also offside is when the attacking player is passed the final defender at the
point the ball is played.
If you didn't have this in place,
players would just cherry pick,
get uh,
all game.
And the beautiful game would be a shit show.
Rat Fest.
Uh,
come back to um,
yeah,
Niagara,
Canada take care.
Um,
I get that shit that you can't just hang.
But my thing is is if somebody's going to run past you,
they're not just cherry pick and hanging down the other end of the field.
If somebody's going to run fast to you and they're faster,
you can just slow down and make them upside.
That's fucking stupid.
That guy's faster than you.
We be you.
That's my problem.
I'm not saying that,
you know.
Okay.
You know,
look in hockey,
they have an off sides line.
You've got to clear the fucking zone when the puck comes out.
But like if somebody blows past you with the pop,
they don't have to fucking wait til you get into the zone.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Sorry.
I know it sounds like I'm drinking.
I'm just drinking a giant bottle of water,
glass bottle.
Um,
fancy man as Jim Norton likes to say.
all right,
well I get that sir.
I don't think,
I actually think that you actually enjoy playoffs.
Um,
but you also enjoy the premiere league.
So now you have to say that it's extremely stupid.
And of course,
because you're from Canada,
you get it in the hockey.
You understand those playoffs.
All right,
sending food back.
this is what I wanted to hear from people,
how you go about it.
And he says,
I'm a 28 year old male living amongst you and all the other narcissistic
transplant concept decided they were too good for their hometowns and needed to
move to this coastal eaten that we call Los Angeles and attempt to achieve a
dream of creating career.
Doing what I love.
Parentheses creating slash playing music.
Uh,
well,
sorry.
If you wanted to play music for a living,
you know,
you probably would eventually moved to Los Angeles to get more in the mix or
Nashville.
Don't you move where the industry is?
Um,
at any rate,
um,
I guess he's,
he's to be joking that that Los Angeles is an Eden.
It's not an eat and you had to steal water to try and turn it into a fucking
eaten.
It's a shit show that shouldn't be there.
But it is.
And what we've done with it is,
is amazing.
I mean,
am I saying we now with Los Angeles,
I've had been there that one.
Um,
at any rate being a musician,
I worked a number of side gigs including waiting tables.
I've waited tables at cheap joints as well as fine dining establishment.
It's like award winning chef dudes.
Oh,
I,
I think this guy was being sarcastic
about,
uh,
la.
Um,
anyways,
at any rate,
uh,
I think I can set you straight on sending food back basically and maybe
obviously the chief of the restaurant,
the riskier it is to send your food back.
Great Point.
Uh,
when I work fine dining,
you're primarily in a restaurant with a kitchen is actually open to the public.
So sending food back is handled in front of the clientele and thus would never
be subjected to being fucked with another great point.
Uh,
that being said,
as you go down in price,
typically not always,
your kitchen is getting a little,
little bit more hidden.
You're employees are probably making less and on top of that,
they're probably always,
again,
not always because I realized some cheaper restaurants are amazing quality,
et Cetera,
not as passionate about what they're doing.
In that case,
your food will possibly get fucked with.
Okay,
here's another person.
Uh,
hey Billy,
sugar,
tits.
MMM.
Never worry about sending food back with social media today.
Any decent restaurant would rather you tell them.
Then tell the world that that a meal was poor.
If a Dick,
if a Dick Ed works in the kitchen,
what if a dick,
he d like the name Ed of a Dick.
Ed Works in the kitchen for Dick head.
Oh,
this person was texting and I guess there was some sort of weird,
you get the capital thing in a space button.
If a dick head works in the kitchen,
who's going to spit in your food?
You can guarantee the kitchen's a shithole.
Anyways,
see you at Royal Albert Hall on Monday.
Wait a minute.
Never worry about sending food back.
And then you ended with,
if a dickhead works in the kitchen,
who's gonna spit in your food?
You can guarantee the kitchen's a Shithole anyways.
Meaning it doesn't make a difference cause what's already in the food.
I don't know about that.
All right?
It's not making me feel better.
Alright.
Formula e a Billy burnout.
Uh,
you mentioned on a recent podcast that the sports low between football and the
start of Formula One,
uh,
March madness,
NBA players,
et Cetera,
has you as you down,
have you tried to watch formula e to fill the,
I'm watching for the first time machine year and it's been great.
I got the hiccups now.
This is the all electric racing series.
It's real easy to get up to date since the races are time to have a maximum
length of 45 minutes plus one lap.
Um,
the first four races this season are all up on youtube and they're,
they are carried live on Spock's Fox sports two in the US.
There is no team or set of teams that dominate like in Formula One and there's
been passing Galore and every race.
All right.
And I like this including a photo finish and the last race.
So it's not about getting to the first corner and blocking for the rest of the
race.
There are no pit stops but the teams still have to strategize to conserve energy
so they don't run out of power.
Sure.
The car is don't go as fast,
but the competition makes more,
uh,
more than makes up for it.
In my opinion.
Bonus is in the last two races of the season,
seasons will be held back to back days in New York City in July.
Oh Shit.
I might be in New York in July.
Cheers and go fuck yourself.
Well eventually I feel like those cars will be faster than the Formula One,
one cars because I'm just looking at how regular cars are in the street.
You know what I mean?
Like they can make like what a Tesla is shaped like the fact that zero to 60,
you can beat a fucking Lamborghini.
Um,
I would think that if you applied that same shit to like a race car and
absolutely no weight other than the battery,
all it comes down to is,
is if the battery is going to be later than the fucking engine.
Um,
and then you don't have all that bullshit under the car where air can get caught
because you can just have that smooth fucking thing like they do underneath the
tests.
I don't know.
I would think that the cars are going to get faster.
Right.
I don't know.
I do think it's funny that people that are into gas combustion engines will
think it's funny that they can only run them for 45 minutes and ignore the fact
that the gas combustion engines also have to pull over and get gas.
You know,
it's also not a limitless energy source.
What you're going to have is you've got to have solar power.
Gave somebody with Jane,
I could saw their panel duct tape to their fucking head,
all right,
and a Jane magnifying glass above it.
The driver days,
every race,
but there's no pit stops and can still go 500 miles.
That's how I would do it.
All right,
baby name.
You just get people on death row to drive.
So then also they won't give a fuck.
You know,
if there's space in not to go into the corner,
it'll be really fucking excited.
He had death row inmates with a fucking satellite that a satellite or fucking
what?
He'd done a stroke.
I just said it.
Solar panel on their head with the Jane magnifying glass.
All right,
right before they get in the car there,
eat their lead,
their last meal,
whatever it is,
you know,
a little bit of hog and dies of turn up and some fucking chicken,
whatever the fuck it is they want,
you know,
and you get them in there and that set,
it's like,
all right,
and here's the thing,
if you win,
whoever wins doesn't get killed.
Play now because you'd already died.
Oh,
they got it.
Yeah.
Some bow.
Like if you win,
it's like the dirty dozen.
If you win,
then they let you back out on the street.
Carolyn back on the street.
The fucking murderers.
I don't know.
It's got to be something he can do.
Well we ain't gonna let you get to see.
I don't have it all worked out.
All right,
baby name negotiation strategy bell.
My wife and I are having our first baby.
Congratulations.
A baby girl.
Oh,
you hit the lottery and we couldn't be happy.
Happy are the only issue is picking her name and then Gaucher patients are
deadlocked.
Here's the negotiation positions.
All right.
I'm going to tell you this before I go any further.
All right?
Never tell your daughter about this.
Whatever her name is,
that's her name.
If you lose or your wife loses on the debate,
do not fucking bring that up to your kid.
Whatever their name is.
The name.
All right.
My wife's tastes.
The names could be best described as somewhere between Hollywood diva and in
1960s,
flower child.
Oh my God.
Think names like apple and Moonbeam.
Uh,
Layla like the Eric Clapton Song is their best idea to date,
but it wouldn't be my first choice.
No,
that song's too popular.
Um,
I dunno.
Laila is not bad.
I don't know.
Okay.
I would like to get my grandmother's name
for me.
Co and old Japanese name somewhere.
That's got to be a middle name dude.
Anywhere in my daughter's name.
She died before I was born and it would really mean a lot to me and my side of
the family to get that even as a middle name.
That's a middle name too.
My wife doesn't like the name Foo Mikko.
Uh,
specifically.
She doesn't like the way it sounds and thinks it sounds too close to the word
Fumar which you as a scholar of French,
no.
Is the verb to smoke as a does smoke.
Uh Oh uh,
in French.
No,
I knew a rocket was something like that.
Um,
I am basically willing to concede the first name to get for me call as a middle
name.
Well that's cool because if the kids like half Japanese,
I don't know if you guys are full Japanese as cool as he get the little bit of
that in there and the name [inaudible] people do that.
Um,
anyways,
he said,
but I haven't gotten much headway in negotiation.
Again,
I am willing to concede that the first name be something kind of weird to get.
My grandmother's name is admittedly unusual but highly meaningful at as the
middle name.
I have two questions.
All right.
First of all,
if your wife is going to go all hippy trippy dippy
and then you know,
you can't be like fucking
like wheat grass shots school Mikko Johnson,
you can't have that.
I would think.
Oh man,
this is tough because I have to question how did you win the lovely new Nia?
Go about picking your daughter's name.
What is my path to getting my wife to agree to
Fomoco Amico as my daughter's middle name.
MMM.
I think,
I think you guys need to stop thinking about yourselves and think about your
daughter.
Okay.
As she's going to have to be this name,
somebody's going to have to say this name and she's going to have to be like,
yes.
Present.
Okay.
So
I would just say to my wife like,
listen,
all right,
I'm willing to concede.
Pharmico all right.
But where she's not going to have some hippy,
trippy fucking
fucking
white celebrity kid fucking name can't have that.
Yeah.
You're not naming this kid after an emotion or a fucking fruit or vegetable.
It's just a fucking ass.
It's just a fucking asshole thing to do to your kid.
It's so fucking self involved.
And it's so just like,
oh,
look at me,
look how creative I am.
It's just like,
don't,
don't you remember going to school?
Don't you remember those,
those first brutal years?
If there was anything even remotely different about you,
you were going to get the shit kicked out of you.
It's going to happen anyways.
Why help the other kids out?
Why
the kids going to hate the fucking name?
MMM.
Anyways,
so I would be thinking about the kid.
I wouldn't be thinking about my own family and all of that type of shit.
Just give the kid a fucking cool name that sounds good with your last name and
just let your kid be who they want to fucking be.
All right.
And don't force you fucking agenda on them from day one with some fucked up God
damn name.
That's my 2 cents.
All right.
Um,
all right,
lady asked me to not Burp at the gym.
Okay.
Uh,
hey Bilbo saggy,
baggy and
uh,
I was at the gym the other day,
in my building trying to get back in shape for this summer as I've been at Booz
bag getting through this fucking winter.
Anyways,
I was on the elliptical,
a nice brisk pace,
um,
185 Rpms,
Jesus Christ and was listening to your podcast actually.
And there was one other woman on a treadmill,
three treadmills away,
uh,
walking at a slight incline
and I'm guessing a speed of 2.3 and reading a novel.
Oh yeah,
that's not working out.
Uh,
my family has acid reflux.
So sometimes at the gym when I'm really pushing it,
I would
inherently lightly burp every few minutes.
At about 25 minutes into my session,
I hear something coming from my head phones and this late fifties,
wish lady is waving at me out of my periphery.
I looked and over at her and move my earpiece away to hear and she said nicely,
could you please not burp anymore?
It's distracting me.
Well Dude,
if you fucking belching while running 185,
I mean,
it sounds like you're flying.
Just run a broad,
uh,
I mean,
what are you doing?
You're in public.
Um,
anyway,
built the amount of rage I was filled with for such an insane requests was
unfathomable.
Well,
how loud will you burping?
Yeah,
J headphones on.
She put up with it for 20 fucking minutes.
He said,
I thought about going to apologize to her,
asking her name and giving her a fake name for myself and then telling the
leasing off,
see office,
what a cunt though this lady was.
What is with you young people just wanting to tell on each other.
Did you want to make a video of it and then fucking uploaded?
I just thought you guys are all just trying to get each other in trouble and
kicked out of things.
The fucking rat generation.
Uh,
I refrain,
finish my workout and continue to have my day.
My question for you is one,
am I just being completely,
uh,
am I just in just being completely flabbergasted by a lady walking on a
treadmill,
reading a book,
telling me not to burp when I have Gerd,
g,
r d and Two,
what,
what have you done in that situation to attitude?
First of all,
you know,
how the fuck does she know that you have acid fucking reflux and stop acting
like you have leukemia?
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
This is just right here.
This is what's wrong with,
with,
with what social media did to the individual.
You're in a public gym,
you're belching,
no one wants to listen to your fucking bourbon and you're a boozy fat fuck
because of the winter.
I respect the fact you're trying to lose the weight.
You know,
maybe if you ate better,
you wouldn't have these dis wouldn't fuck wants to sit and listen to you burp
and it gives a fuck.
She's over there walking half a mile an hour at the book.
That's her loss.
She's not really working,
but she waited for fucking 20 minutes for you to belt should Outta your system
and you didn't,
it's fucking gross.
No,
no.
I would take,
I need a pack of fucking Rolaids and go for a walk around the block.
But I mean you,
you can't be like belching in public and then try and turn around and make
yourself the victim because you got acid reflux.
You know
what if she was really gassy and was just farting the entire time,
you know,
and she says,
okay,
I have irritable bowel syndrome.
Well fucking,
you know,
go drink some of that pink shit and fucking go for a walk.
They'll come in here and close the Goddamn door.
Yeah.
You have fucking gassy horror.
I mean,
I don't want to tell you
I,
I'd say,
yeah,
you're in the wrong there,
sir.
Yeah.
Um,
no one wants to go to the gym,
listen to burping going 90 miles an hour and a fucking elliptical.
And I don't,
I don't care about your acid reflux and how it affects you as a person.
Um,
I think you need to take that into consideration.
No.
Why don't you just go get one of those TRX bands or just work out in the house?
We can easily go for a walk.
You know,
it's better for the environment.
All the energy than an elliptical users.
Yeah.
Let's go walk up a hill.
If he can fucking Burp to your heart's content,
then you're not bugging her and she can sit there and fucking slowly walked to
her grave while she reads the next Harry Potter
fucking novel.
Right.
Does that work?
Just don't work for everybody.
I hope it does.
Um,
all right.
I am going to have to pull up a little bit short here.
MMM.
I apologize.
I just have to,
I gotta take this fucking thing tonight and then I'll be back in the states.
Might be a little jet lag.
I know these last couple ones,
I've been a little fucking scatterbrained and jet lag that just been a working a
little too hard.
But you know,
after tonight I'm on the other side of it and,
uh,
hopefully I'll go back to,
I'm not being as scatterbrained,
just the normal level of scatterbrain ish shit that I say.
All right.
That is it.
Go fuck yourselves.
I'll check in on your,
on Thursday.
And thank you from,
from the bottom of my heart.
Everybody that showed up on,
um,
this run through,
uh,
yeah,
the UK.
I've been having a great time.
All right.
That is it.
I'll see you Thursday.